Begin documenting serverconf (#31)
Kruptein/planarally-docs: docs/server/configuration.md

# Server Configuration

The configuration of the software is done in the client and [campaign settings](/docs/dm/settings/).
While you actually could modify the configuration stored in the save file (see below), it is not recommended and, thus, not documented, here.
In contrast, this section focuses on the configuration that should be done within the central configuration file, which is `./server/server_config.cfg`.

The configuration file is divided up into two sections: Webserver, and General.
These sections are indicated by these designations, within square brackets (e.g. `[Webserver]`).
Within each section, there are certain variables defined via a name and their value, using the scheme `name = value`, followed by a line-break.
A leading `#` denotes a comment; every line with a leading `#` will be ignored.

Only change the configuration if something does not work accordingly and you know what you're doing.

## Webserver

This section contains several variables concerning the webserver that distributes the client to the players.

### host

> `host` (active by default, default: `0.0.0.0`, accepting IP addresses) tells the server on what IP address it is reachable.

Reviewer: It accepts any resolvable string, so also for example dns names, not only ip addresses

The default is set to `0.0.0.0` which, in this context, means: 'Any IP on this machine'.

Most likeley, you won't need to change this setting, unless you're sharing the machine with others (e.g. on a shared (v)server) or run several servers on the machine with different addresses.

### port
`port` (active by default, default: `8000`, accepting numbers from 1 to 2^16 -1) tells the server on which port to listen.
The default is set to `8000`, a [registered port commonly used for the Django Development Webserver](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_TCP_and_UDP_port_numbers#Registered_ports).
You can freely adjust this setting according to your server's setup and will need to, if another application already listens on `8000`).

> In case you need to change the port, you might consider to choose a private port (>`49151`).

Reviewer: I feel like this goes into too much detail.  The ip range, the registered ports are all unnecessary in my opinion.  We're not here to teach somebody what a port is, if they want to find out more they can find info very easily by googling this.

Also the recommendation for a port >49151 is a bit odd to me.  Most people will have almost no open ports and the ports they have open are typically known.

Keep it simple, this is the port, 8000 is the default

Author: As you wish. Unless there are concerns, I'll keep in the range of theoretically valid ports to keep the "tell default and valid input"-style of the docs. If there are concerns, just edit them out. It won't hurt me. :)

> Be sure that the port you use is not used by any other application and is also accessible from outside of the machine.

Reviewer: Here I actually would hint to read up on 'port forwarding' as this can be a topic that people might have more issue with finding on their own. (again don't go in-depth just reference it as something people can look up if they want more info)

### socket
`socket` (inactive by default, default: `/tmp/planarally.sock`, accepting filepath) tells the server where to look for an internal endpoint for communications with the network/internet.

> This is only needed if you want to establish communication in between PlanarAlly and the users via websockets.

Reviewer: This has nothing to do with websockets, in fact PA always uses websockets to communicate with the users.

This is an alternative to communicating via a port.  It's interesting in the context of reverse proxies like nginx.

Author: In line of your earlier "keep it simple" requests, I more or less copied that. :) Feel free to add sth if you deem it to short.

### Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)
PlanarAlly supports to encrypt communication in between the server and the players via [Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transport_Layer_Security).
Despite the name, this is independent from the *socket* configuration, above.
The SSL-configuration needs three variables to be configured: `ssl`, `ssl_fullchain`, and `ssl_privkey`.

> `ssl` (active by default, default: `false`, accepting true/false) tells the server whether SSL should be used.

Reviewer: The wording 'active by default', 'default: false' is very confusing to read. I think I would actually remove the 'active/inactive by default' section everywhere.

Whether or not a certain setting is 'active' by default should not matter, unless its mere presence has a specific side effect.  For example when socket is uncommented it will always be used instead of the port.  So there we want to explicitly mention this in both the port and socket documentation.  In all other instances it doesn't matter

Author: The former was the reason why I specifically asked why this was not commented.

I took out information about default activity state and added the specifics to port and socket.

If set to `false` (default), the other two settings will simply be ignored as they are not needed by the server.
**Despite it is set to false by default, it is highly recommended to use transport encryption.**

`ssl_fullchain` (active by default, default: `cert/fullchain.pem`, accepting filepath) tells the server where to look for the `*.pem`-file containing the certificate containing the 'full chain' of certificates to your certificate authority (CA).
Please note that neither the folder `cert`, nor the file `fullchain.pem` are shipped with PlanarAlly, but have to be generated/referred to for each individual installation by yourself.

`ssl_privkey`(active by default, default: `cert/privkey.pem`, accepting filepath) tells the server where to look for the `*.pem`-file containing your private certification key.
Please note that neither the folder `cert`, nor the file `privkey.pem` are shipped with PlanarAlly, but have to be generated/referred to for each individual installation by yourself.
**Please also take the 'private' in 'private key' *very* seriously!**

### Cross Origin Resource Sharing (CORS)
PlanarAlly supports Cross Origin Resource Sharing.

> Yet, this functionality is deactivated by default.

Reviewer: The 'yet' makes it seem as if this is a less-ideal choice to me.

When not specified only the same origin is allowed, which is a security measure,

> `cors_allowed_origins` (inactive by default, default: `['\*']`, accepting `['\*']`, `['example.org', 'example.com']`, and `[]`) tells the server which hosts are eligible for CORS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cors_allowed_origins` (inactive by default, default: `['*']`, accepting `['*']`, `['example.org', 'example.com']`, and `[]`) tells the server which hosts are eligible for CORS.
```

If it is not specified (default), only requests to the host running the server are allowed.

> See [python-socketio on readthedocs.io](https://python-socketio.readthedocs.io/en/lates/api.html#asyncserver-class) for mor information on the meaning of the allowed values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [python-socketio on readthedocs.io](https://python-socketio.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api.html#asyncserver-class) for more information on the meaning of the allowed values.
```
